# Weeknotes: July 2025

## w/c 14 July 2025

### Rose-bud-thorn

#### 🌹

* FP is back to work and wanting to make changes for his benefit.
 
#### 🌱

* Thinking about the content for the next newsletter, based on the Purpose Statement work.

#### 🌵

* Trying to understand travel options for MLAs or, more broadly, trying to understand a new acronym and processes related to it!

### 🤝 Reciprocal support

#### Who did I help?

* TH with Caves article.
* JK with using Drive for Desktop (or was that last week?!).
* XQ with event promotion.
* I shared photos from NWDSE with DR and SS.

#### Who helped me?

* KW walked me through all my GitHub missteps and showed me how to correct them.
* JK and TH worked diligently on issues I added to GitHub.
* KW suggested and JM and SW gave me valuable space to discuss the newsletter purpose statement.

### Activities / tasks

#### What did I do?

* Comms
  * Reworked the newsletter purpose statement, based on inital input from JM and SW.
  * Created the first draft of the  [fall event series planning doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1psYf1CIVo2r5xG2C8rOIKis2g2xeL5NlXAbW9UUNQRs/edit?usp=sharing) and shared with KW.
  * Gave TH access to Google groups and answered some questions for the [mailing list cleanup tasks](https://github.com/BIDS/interns/issues/19).
  * Reached out to KL about his time as a visiting scholar to ask questions for the newsletter.
  * Asked FP about his standard replies to different kinds of inquiries, and he sent a few templates as a result.
  * Began work on the annual report companion piece, which I am currently referring to as a "brochure".

* Operations
  * Interacted with HC and RD (STRUDEL) about upcoming travel reimbursements.
  * Performed BFS tasks.
  * Followed the new instructions for our updated voicemail system, but our phone number still does not work!
    * Checked the status of the ticket I submitted and it's still pending.
  * Ordered coffee.
  * Pruned a few plants at the suite.
  * Made AIFL wifi signs. 

* Professional Development / Other
  * Took part in a 1:1 with KW, and the BIDS Leadership and Senior Staff meetings.
    * Reviewed Emergent Strategy for the Senior Staff meeting.

#### What did I not do?

* Get enough exercise!

## w/c 7 July 2025

### Inbox tracker

* 💌 

### Rose-bud-thorn

#### 🌹 + 🌱

* Meeting SC from BIDMaP in person was both a 🌹 and a 🌱, because it was delightful and we have similar roles.
  * I see potential to work together or share resources in the future.

#### 🌵

* Not so much a thorn now, but UCB institutes and centers will likely be asked to discontinue use of their logos and become fully in line with the Berkeley brand.

### 🤝 Reciprocal support

#### Who did I help?

* JK and TH with SciComm posts.

#### Who helped me?

* KW reviewed a seminar article, offered guidance on intern projects and website planning at our 1:1. 

### Activities / tasks

#### What did I do?

* Comms
  * Made some changes to the [seminar checklist](https://github.com/BIDS/events/issues/1) (next step is to ask JC to hekp with crearing a template).
  * Met with KW and [created a second draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M9AASrt3i_4ttEMOYRV5pqlnd4Mlk73NyK-yl0ng7yI/edit?usp=sharing) of the newsletter purpose statement, and invited SW, JM, and MV to provide feedback on it.
  * Reviewed and published [a series of SciComm social media posts](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19NmU65vmNijSVbS0Lx4ibo8WWMjWCpSZTuyn-Gl7Q18/edit?tab=t.nk6pmxd173go#heading=h.ceer383a42gw) and encouraged Slack members to check them out.
  * [Created an issue](https://github.com/BIDS/interns/issues/7) for seminar attendance reporting that JK and TH are now working on.
  * Offered Slack access to CLEAN (GM).
  * Ask TT if it's appropriate to reach out to KN about his time as a visiting scholar, which I would like to include in the August newsletter.
  * Gave TH access to the documentation needed to work on the [Caves seminar write up](https://github.com/BIDS/interns/issues/15).
  * Completed the [write up for PF's June seminar](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VZYBY5JbGlCdYKibecl6WPUgVTac-YkjcW8JQkbg7jo/edit?usp=sharing) and shared with KW for feedback.

* Operations
  * After some research and reaching out to people, I learning that the updated credit card matrix had a mistake.
    * I am able to use the BluCard for hotel reservations after all, so I shared my BluCard with Hotel Shattuck for Cultural Analytics speakers.
  * Made some changes to my system for collecting and reporting on credit card charges.
  * Performed BFS tasks.
  * Created a new SPA account for transcriptions and sent KW OtterAI pricing.

* Professional Development / Other
  * Took part in a 1:1 with KW, and the BIDS Leadership and Senior Staff meetings.
    * Reviewed Emergent Strategy for the Senior Staff meeting.
  * Attended the Berkeley Communicators meeting.
    * As result, I started looking into ai.berkeley.edu -- their guidelines and tools.

#### What did I not do?

*  Figure out if I submitted my notes from last week correctly!
