# Weeknotes: June 2025

## w/c 30 June 2025

### Inbox tracker

* 💌 (Kirstie to show me!)

### Rose-bud-thorn

#### 🌹

* Meeting with ML about the annual report - such a great person.

#### 🌱

* A refresher on SMART goals at the BPM 104 workshop.

#### 🌵

* If there were thorns, they weren't especially noticable.

### 🤝 Reciprocal support

#### Who did I help?

* AI from CLEAN needs a subscription to a service, so I provided ways to approach paying for it that are better than requesting reimbursement each time.
* Gave KW instructions for using BIDS Docusign account.
* Got CH's reimbursement sorted.
  * It wasn't complicated but I learned that even if a person's travel expense was paid through another source, they still need to submit that receipt to prove they are eligible for other types of reimbursements during that time period and in that place.
* Cancelled FP's meetings, performed some related tasks, and gave him updates.

#### Who helped me?

* ML gave me annual report advice and shared a little BIDS history.
  * The person who we were told was a previous executive director was actually a Chief Research Officer in 2018.
* The leaders of the BMP workshop.
* KC met with me to talk about his work on the Turing Way, and he made a suggestion for creating a Seminar Checklist template in GitHub. 

### Activities / tasks

#### What did I do?

* Comms
  * After meeting with KC to get some tips on GitHub, I started transferring the seminar checklist from Google Tasks to GitHub, [issue 1 in the new "events" repo I created](https://github.com/BIDS/events/issues/1).
  * [Finished the first draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M9AASrt3i_4ttEMOYRV5pqlnd4Mlk73NyK-yl0ng7yI/edit?usp=sharing) of the newsletter purpose statement work, [created a complementary research task](https://github.com/BIDS/institute-operations/issues/15), and invited KW, SW, JM, and MV to meet with me to discuss it.
  * Reviewed and published [TH's NWDSE article](https://bids.berkeley.edu/news/building-open-network-friday-morning-panel-showcases-leadership-across-open-source-ecosystem) and shared it on social media.
  * Promoted/reshared CDSS writeup of "Bridging AI and Humanity", including a [direct post on Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/ucbids.bsky.social/post/3lsu7rvnglc2t) since they don't currently have an account.
  * Proposed the Photoshelter project to JK, gave her an overview of Photshelter, and requested access for her.

* Operations
  * Started reading up on the credit card changes and noticed a problem with paying for guest lodging.
    * For the Cultural Analytics speaker series, the hotel has the old credit card so I am seeking solutions.
  * Performed misc BearBuy and BFS tasks.
 
* Professional Development / Other
  * Took part in a 1:1 with KW, meeting with ML about the annual report, the BIDS Leadership and Senior Staff meetings.
    * Reviewed Emergent Strategy for the Senior Staff meeting.
  * Attended the halfday session for BPM 104 Communicating Goals, Expectations & Key Results

#### What did I not do?

* Makes sense of the notes I took about annual reporting. 

## w/c 23 June 2025

### Inbox tracker

* 💌 ?

### Rose-bud-thorn

#### 🌹

* Participating in the first senior staff meeting!
  * I appreciate being part of the group.

#### 🌱

* Felt immediate impact from the interns' involvement and look forward to more.
  * Loved the series of social media posts.

#### 🌵

* Slack badge notification – sometimes it's impossible to track down what is triggering it.

### 🤝 Reciprocal support

#### Who did I help?

* The folks running the data science education workshop needed some badges printed quickly. 
* Showed JK how to access Drive files from her desktop and how to edit the captions in Adobe Premiere.

#### Who helped me?

* KW showed me how to add citations to a blog post.
* SS gave me copies of the DSE annual reports, gave me advice about starting the process, an offered feedback on some thoughts I shared. 

### Activities / tasks

#### What did I do?

* Comms
  * Started developing an instructions document, so other people may be able to edit and caption our videos.
    * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RI3KE6dHVkcvQuVJhVwAZ1qLsoZuM3eX9-g9fBVw5NM/edit?usp=sharing
  * Finished editing Peter seminar video, so JK can begin her work on it.
  * Provided the interns with more details for their social media post project, offered comment and feedback, prepped the images, posted and shared on slack, and updated the comms notes doc with "elements of a BIDS social media post".
    * https://docs.google.com/document/d/19NmU65vmNijSVbS0Lx4ibo8WWMjWCpSZTuyn-Gl7Q18/edit?tab=t.l7bddjuhnawf
  * Collected content from the new faculty affiliate and published her webpage.
  * Published TT's Slovenia workshop article and shared it on social media.
    * https://bids.berkeley.edu/news/workshop-ai-and-llms-study-folklore-highlights-collaboration-between-bids-and-slovenian
  * Reworked the graphics for the AIFL event feedback form.

* Operations
  * Made changes to the hotel reservations for the cultural analytics seminar series, and sent hotel details and vendor reminders.
  * Started reading about and NIH reporting guidelines.
  * Helped FP with some scheduling tasks.
 
* Professional Development / Other
  * Read parts of the Emergent Strategy book and took notes.
  * Attended a panel at the data science education workshop.
  * Added these notes to github for the first time <is this thing on?>.

#### What did I not do?

* Attend more than one session of the data science education workshop, but maybe I should have!
* Write a summary for Peter's seminar video.

## w/c 16 June 2025

### Inbox tracker

* 💌 ?

### Rose-bud-thorn

#### 🌹

* Welcoming JK back and meeting KC - excited for their support!

#### 🌱

* BIDS annual report will hopefully result in a useful tool for our archive and fundraising.

#### 🌵

* New challenges pop up each time someone begins their vendor registration.

### 🤝 Reciprocal support

#### Who did I help?

* MV was unable to connect to the wifi at 2120. Reached out to ND to get new network info. 
* Promoted VDSB 2025 - info sent to me by RE and BY.
* Showed KC and JK around the suite and identified a desk for KC.

#### Who helped me?

* Met with DR about annual report. They provided me with a nice list of resources to get started on one for BIDS.
* ERSO answered my questions about gift card purchases and vendor registration.

### Activities / tasks

#### What did I do?

* Comms
  * Sent Announcements email to BIDS community.
  * Setup short meetings with DR, ML, and SS to gather annual report advice.
  * Collaborated with KW on AIFL event feedback form.
  * Edited TT's Slovenia workshop article and sent to TT and KW for review.
  * Began video editing work for PF's seminar. Requested help from JK.

* Operations
  * Shared VPN connection problem at 2120 with ND that MV identified.
  * Began onboarding JK, KC, and TH, including a request for keycards to 2120.
  * Renewed ADSA membership.
  * Ordered books for senior leadership. Began reading Emergent Strategy.
  * Interacted with EG about a blanket PO.
  * Created new SPA account for AIFL.
  * Met with KW, NF, AC, and ND about 2120 construction project.
  * Continued work on supplier/vendor registration for Scientific Python payments.
  * Submitted purchase docs to BFS.

#### What did I not do?

* Send an early release email, because the practice was inequitable.
* Check out the Google Gemini App and Zoom AI Companion features and guidance.
* Check my email more than twice while I was on vacation ;)
